README.md, before:

For detailed explanation on how things work, check out [Nuxt.js docs](https://nuxtjs.org).

# Humanity Forward's Citizenship Portal

## Get Started

This app was bootstrapped with [Nuxt.js](https://nuxtjs.org)

Welcome to a world where everyone can benefit from the information age
Our goal is to create a citizenship portal for the citizens of the United States of America
This repo contains the project's front-end

If you are eager to contribute but don't know where to start, feel free to check out the issues tab
Leave a comment on the issue if you decide to tackle it and let us know if you have any questions

If you find something you like and wanna get started, follow the instructions below to get up and running

------ Make sure to add your name to the contributors under the _README_ ------

# To Contribute to the Project:

- Our list of Issues on GitHub Issues: (https://github.com/Citizenship-Portal/Nuxt-Demo/issues)
  Please use these issues to direct the contributions you desire to make.

- To send a Pull Request via GitHub:
  - Checkout a new branch
  - Add a forked version of this repo as your remote
  - Push up changes to your forked repo
  - Request the Pull Request to the original repo
  - Include a brief commit message details the changes you have made
  - Make sure to write tests for the front end
  - Make sure all tests are passing before you make a Pull Request
  - Before submitting, rebase your work from the current master branch

### US Gov't Style Guide

Please follow the standards set by U.S. Web Design System (USWDS)
https://designsystem.digital.gov/components/icons/

### Dependencies

- NodeJS 10.14.x or newer
- See Package.json for a complete list of packages required

If you are likely to need to manage multiple version of node on your local machine, we recommend version managers such as [nodenv](https://github.com/nodenv/nodenv) or [NVM](https://github.com/creationix/nvm/blob/master/README.md).

For those new to Node, the following tutorial will help get you up to speed with configuring a [Node environment](https://nodejs.org/en/docs/guides/getting-started-guide/).

### Get it

It is best practice to begin by forking this repo using the `Fork` button in the top-right corner of this screen. You should then be able to use `git clone` on your terminal to copy your fork onto your local machine.

    `git clone https://github.com/Citizenship-Portal/Nuxt-Demo.git`

Make sure to install dependencies by running:

    `npm install`

## Fire it up

### NPM

```
# serve with hot reload at localhost:3000
$ npm run dev

# build for production and launch server
$ npm run build
$ npm start

# generate static project
$ npm run generate
```

### Yarn

```
# install dependencies
$ yarn install

# serve with hot reload at localhost:3000
$ yarn dev

# build for production and launch server
$ yarn build
$ yarn start

# generate static project
$ yarn generate
```

For detailed explanation on how things work, checkout [Nuxt.js docs](https://nuxtjs.org).

## Testing

Our aim to serve the people of America in an official capacity
Testing helps us achieve optimal run times and provides a safety net
It's also cool to have on your résumé

To run our test suite:

`npm run test`

## Design and Comps

[FIGMA](https://citizenship-portal.web.app)

## Contibutors

#### [Ahmad Kayyali](https://github.com/kayyali18) - Web Developer

#### [Ricky](https://github.com/ricky-sb) - Web Developer

Commit message:

:pencil: Add testing how to

README.md, after:

For detailed explanation on how things work, check out [Nuxt.js docs](https://nuxtjs.org).

# Humanity Forward's Citizenship Portal

## Get Started

This app was bootstrapped with [Nuxt.js](https://nuxtjs.org)

Welcome to a world where everyone can benefit from the information age
Our goal is to create a citizenship portal for the citizens of the United States of America
This repo contains the project's front-end

If you are eager to contribute but don't know where to start, feel free to check out the issues tab
Leave a comment on the issue if you decide to tackle it and let us know if you have any questions

If you find something you like and wanna get started, follow the instructions below to get up and running

------ Make sure to add your name to the contributors under the _README_ ------

# To Contribute to the Project:

- Our list of Issues on GitHub Issues: (https://github.com/Citizenship-Portal/Nuxt-Demo/issues)
  Please use these issues to direct the contributions you desire to make.

- To send a Pull Request via GitHub:
  - Checkout a new branch
  - Add a forked version of this repo as your remote
  - Push up changes to your forked repo
  - Request the Pull Request to the original repo
  - Include a brief commit message details the changes you have made
  - Make sure to write tests for the front end
  - Make sure all tests are passing before you make a Pull Request
  - Before submitting, rebase your work from the current master branch

### US Gov't Style Guide

Please follow the standards set by U.S. Web Design System (USWDS)
https://designsystem.digital.gov/components/icons/

### Dependencies

- NodeJS 10.14.x or newer
- See Package.json for a complete list of packages required

If you are likely to need to manage multiple version of node on your local machine, we recommend version managers such as [nodenv](https://github.com/nodenv/nodenv) or [NVM](https://github.com/creationix/nvm/blob/master/README.md).

For those new to Node, the following tutorial will help get you up to speed with configuring a [Node environment](https://nodejs.org/en/docs/guides/getting-started-guide/).

### Get it

It is best practice to begin by forking this repo using the `Fork` button in the top-right corner of this screen. You should then be able to use `git clone` on your terminal to copy your fork onto your local machine.

    `git clone https://github.com/Citizenship-Portal/Nuxt-Demo.git`

Make sure to install dependencies by running:

    `npm install`

## Fire it up

### NPM

```
# serve with hot reload at localhost:3000
$ npm run dev

# build for production and launch server
$ npm run build
$ npm start

# generate static project
$ npm run generate
```

### Yarn

```
# install dependencies
$ yarn install

# serve with hot reload at localhost:3000
$ yarn dev

# build for production and launch server
$ yarn build
$ yarn start

# generate static project
$ yarn generate
```

For detailed explanation on how things work, checkout [Nuxt.js docs](https://nuxtjs.org).

## Testing

Our aim to serve the people of America in an official capacity
Testing helps us achieve optimal run times and provides a safety net
It's also cool to have on your résumé

To run our test suite:

`npm run test`

#### Learn how to test with Vue with Jest

[Testing Vue w/ Jest](https://alligator.io/vuejs/testing-vue-with-jest/)

## Design and Comps

[FIGMA](https://citizenship-portal.web.app)

## Contibutors

#### [Ahmad Kayyali](https://github.com/kayyali18) - Web Developer

#### [Ricky](https://github.com/ricky-sb) - Web Developer
